Production Docker Image (#195)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/development/getting-started.md

For detailed installation instructions, please see the [official Poetry installation guide](https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installation).

#### Install Hadolint

> [Hadolint](https://github.com/hadolint/hadolint) is a tool used to validate and lint Dockerfiles to ensure we are following best practices.  On Mac OS with [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) you can install Hadolint by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Hadolint](https://github.com/hadolint/hadolint) is a tool used to validate and lint Dockerfiles to ensure we are following best practices. On macOS with [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) you can install Hadolint by running:
```

> ```no-hightlight

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```no-highlight
```
